Archive - new api part (#194)
digipost/digipost-api-client-dotnet: docs/_v14_0/1_setup.md

        "secretPasswordProperlyInstalledAndLoaded",
        X509KeyStorageFlags.Exportable
    );

var client = new DigipostClient(clientConfig, enterpriseCertificate);
```

#### <span style="color:red">\[Warning: This is technically supported on other operating systems than Windows, but we've not tested that thoroughly. Use at your own risk.\]</span> Load enterprise certificate from thumbprint in code

1. Start mmc.exe (Click windowsbutton and type mmc.exe)
1. _Choose File_ -> _Add/Remove Snap-in…_ (Ctrl + M)
1. Mark certificate and click _Add >_
1. If the certificate was installed in `Current User` choose `My User Account` and if installed on `Local Machine` choose `Computer Account`. Then click _Finish_ and then _OK_
1. Expand _Certificates_ node, select _Personal_ and open _Certificates_
1. Double-click on the installed certificate
1. Go to the _Details_ tab
1. Scroll down to _Thumbprint_
1. Copy the thumbprint and load as shown below

```csharp
 var clientConfig = new ClientConfig(broker, Environment.Production);
 var client = new DigipostClient(clientConfig, thumbprint: "84e492a972b7e...");
```

### Load root element of Digipost rest api

> Digipost api is restful. If you query the root you will get a response containing 
> Digipost public key and a list of resources you can use with your sender or as a broker for a sender. This

Reviewer: Her er kanskje poenget at APIet følger HATEOAS. Eit API kan vel vere RESTful utan å bruke hyperlinks.
Kanskje omformulere første setninga til:

```suggestion
The Digipost API is a HATEOAS-driven REST API. If you query the root you will get a response containing
the Digipost public key and a list of hyperlinks to resources you can use with your sender or as a broker for a sender. This
```

Author: Ja, helt enig. Godt poeng.
